I would like to write in regard 
to the home exchange service that is offered
on the website. 

glad 

I would like to know


I would like to write in to the home exchange service that you offer on your website. 
We are a family of four who have been considering the possibility of exchanging our main home for some time and 
we would be  ______ if you could answer a few questions.
I would like to if some kind of insurance is included in the fee that you charge for your services.
 We have our own home insurer but we are not sure if we should talk to them before doing an exchange.
 I would _____some information on this point. 
I would like to know if pets can be included in the exchange. 
We have a cat and we do not have anybody to look after him while we are away. 
Could you tell me if exchanging pets or leaving a pet in the care of the people who are coming to your home is a common practice?
I would be interested to receive information about the confirmation process. 
Would you mind telling me if there is an exchange contract that needs to be signed before your exchange? 
 We would appreciate it if you could answer these
questions.



Answers

I would like to write in regard 
to the home exchange service that is offered on the website.
We are a family of four who have been considering the possibility of exchanging our main home for some time and would be glad if you could answer a few questions.
I would like to know if some kind of insurance is included in the fee that is charged for the services.
We have our own home insurer but we are not sure if we should talk to them before doing an exchange.
 I would require some information on this point.
I would like to know whether pets can be included in the exchange.
We have a cat and we are on our search for a caretaker to look after him while we are away.
Kindly let me know whether exchanging pets or leaving the pet in the care of the people who come to your home is a common practice.
I would be interested to receive an information about the confirmation process. 
Kindly let me know whether it would be comfortable to share an exchange contract that is required of me to sign before the exchange.
We would appreciate it if our queries are clarified. 


I would like to write in regard to the home exchange service that is offered on the website.
 We are a family of four who have been considering the possibility of exchanging our main home for some time and would be grateful if our queries are clarified. 
I would like to check / understand / know if some kind of insurance is included in the fee that is charged for the services. We have our own home insurer. However, kindly let us know whether we should discuss with them before proceeding with the exchange / before an exchange. I would appreciate / require some information on the same. 
I would hence / therefore like to know whether / if pets can be included in the exchange. 
We have a cat and we are on our search for a caretaker to look after him while we are away. Kindly let us know whether exchanging pets or leaving the pet in the care of other people who come to home is a common practice.

I would be interested to receive an information / the related information / further information about the confirmation process. Kindly let me know whether it would be comfortable to share an exchange contract that is required of me to sign before the exchange. 
We would appreciate it if our queries are clarified. Looking forward to hear from you / 
I look forward to hearing from you.
